# Stick a Note!
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/_yrSF3ofHqg>
#### Description:
Ever had the experience of losing your notes? or not even having a paper around you to write your notes down?
Stick a Note is here to save the day! It is a simple web application that allows users to create and save virtual sticky notes. By providing a digital alternative to traditional sticky notes, Stick a Note aims to help users to stay organized and keep track of their tasks and ideas more efficiently. Whether you use it for personal use or work, Stick a Note offers a user-friendly interface to make your note-taking experience fun and productive. One of the standout features of Stick a Note is its accessibility. Being able to write your notes and have access to them from anywhere is just amazing! Let Stick a Note be your go-to tool for staying organized and never miss a task again! Stick a Note! Your digital companion! For all note-taking enthusiasts!
For students, you can write down the questions you may encounter while studying!
For workplace, you can write ideas or tasks for the whole team to see!
or basically for anyone! you can gather your scattered thoughts into one place!
Now, let's delve into some more details about this amazing web application: This web application is created with Flask. The simplicity of using Flask makes anyone eager to use it. It is fascinating that a combination of Python for the functionality of the webpage and HTML/CSS for the visuals would make an idea come to life.
You can save your notes alongside your name and date, then you can view the written notes in a list ordered by date. Although this webpage may be limited or do not meet all your expectations, but be sure that Stick a Note strives to continuously improve and enhance its features to better serve its users. Features from customizable visuals like giving users the ability to change colors of notes or the texts, fonts and sizes to developing login and register pages that each user can have the privacy of a personal note storage. As of right now there might not be a personal space for storing your notes, but looking at it from a positive perspective, you can leave notes for others to read. From heartfelt notes to words of encouragement or now that 2024 is close, write your wishes for the new year or wish for others! Overall, Stick a note! tries to provide a better user experience.
As the developer of Stick a Note, the majority of the codes expecially the python code in "app.py" is learned through the CS50x program. The rest is learned through research and studying more into the syntax of HTML/CSS to enhance the visuals of the webpage. Basically, Stick a Note is a simplified version of the project "finance", the 9th week problem of CS50x.
As a student of CS50x program, specifically CS50xTehran, the experience of learning coding languages and solving each week's problems was a blast. Despite the difficulty of some problems, it was so much fun. Thank you CS50 team for all the hard work and for giving me this chance to have a deeper understanding of the coding world.